Update documentation for Caddy reverse proxy with subfolder (#6219)
FreshRSS/FreshRSS: docs/en/developers/03_Backend/06_Reverse_Proxy_Setup.md

    ```php
    'base_url' => 'https://yourdomain.com/freshrss',
    ```

    Replace `yourdomain.com` with your actual domain and `freshrss` with the subfolder name specified in the Caddyfile.

3. **Restart Caddy and FreshRSS:**

    Restart Caddy to apply the configuration changes:

    ```bash
    systemctl restart caddy
    ```

    Restart FreshRSS to ensure that it recognizes the new base URL:

    ```bash
    docker-compose restart freshrss
    ```

4. **Access FreshRSS:**

    FreshRSS should now be accessible at `https://yourdomain.com/freshrss`.

### Example Caddyfile Entry

```plaintext
yourdomain.com {
    redir /freshrss /freshrss/i/
    route /freshrss* {
        uri strip_prefix /freshrss
        reverse_proxy freshrss:80 {
            header_up Host {host}
            header_up X-Real-IP {remote}
            header_up X-Forwarded-Proto {scheme}
            header_up X-Forwarded-Host {host}
            header_up X-Forwarded-For {remote}
            header_up X-Forwarded-Ssl {on}
            header_up X-Forwarded-Prefix "/freshrss/"
        }
    }
}
```

> Replace `yourdomain.com` with your actual domain and `freshrss` with the subfolder name where FreshRSS is hosted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `example.net` with your actual domain and `freshrss` with the subfolder name where FreshRSS is hosted.
```

Please use one of the domains reserved for examples / documentations, so we do not start linking to random existing sites: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Example.com
